hey guys it's done here and i'll be
teaching you how to download zanz mini
map for minecraft alright so we come
across this website which is vance
mini-map and i'll give you a link to
this as well as modloader and winrar
because you need both of those to
download this anyway when you get on
this website click around here click
this to download it this is for one
point six point four it's updated
already so yeah well I've already
downloaded so we'll just wait for that
to load yes and for modloader you want
beta one point six point four just click
on any one any of these links right here
and okay so let's start so see I have
these downloaded on my desktop just save
it there for easy access so first open
your Start menu type in percent appdata
Santa's always to find your Minecraft
folder top minecraft go to bin and then
you see these files right click the
Minecraft that jar and open with when
we're archiver just like any other mod
and reopen my modloader you want to
highlight all the class files and just
drag and drop click OK my load is done
then click the mini-map for this one we
want all these files so just drag and
drop click ok and uh whoops I forgot one
something my bad you want to delete
maeda in because that's very bad for
moms so when you're done
just open it up and it's just my
survival oh and there will be a welcome
screen that shows you Z&M for options
and you see the mini-map up there and
you can display coordinates hide it etc
etc training that and yeah so yeah hope
you enjoyed this tutorial and I'll see
you next time